---
published: true
layout: default
---

## Fall 2015 Classes

### Each class is a 10 session program meeting once a week for two hours.

<div class='row'>

<div class='6u'>
<section class='article-list box'>

<article class='box excerpt'>
<header>
<h4>Tiny Tinkering Level I</h4>
</header>
Join us with your little Makers as we explore the hackerspace, learn how to use real tools and
technology, and create useful and fun projects in this awesome parent/kid class! This class offers a 
combination of guided skills and child-led exploration.
<br>Ages 3-5 with caregiver
<span class='date'>Tuesdays 10am-12pm, $250</span>
Sept 8th - Nov 24th (no class on Sept 22nd, Sept 29th)
</article>

<article class='box excerpt'>
<header>
<h4>Video Game Design and Development</h4>
</header>
Join mentor Cara for a 10 week exploration of character, environment, and gameplay design. Using
game development programs with simple and visual scripting, kids will build a solid foundation in 
various aspects of game design and development while also building skills in their own areas of 
interest.
<br>
Cara Ricci started playing video games in second grade and has been in love with the medium ever 
since. She graduated with a degree in Game Design Art and hopes to inspire others to get into games as 
well. She believes young people have some of the best game ideas but don’t always know how to 
execute them—that’s where this class comes in! Her favorite series is Legend of Zelda and she enjoys 
adventure, horror, and puzzle games.
Ages 11 and up
<span class='date'>Two Classes</span>
<span class='date'>Wednesdays 1pm-3pm and Wednesdays 4pm-6pm $200</span>
Sept 10th - Nov 18th (no class Sept 28)
</article>

</section>
</div>
<div class='6u'>
<section class='article-list box'>

<article class='box excerpt'>
<header>
<h4>Tiny Tinkering Level II</h4>
</header>
Join us with your little Makers as we explore the hackerspace, learn how to use real tools and
technology, and create useful and fun projects in this awesome parent/kid class! This class offers a 
combination of guided skills and child-led exploration.
<br>Ages 4-6 with caregiver 
<span class='date'>Thursdays 10am-12pm, $250</span>
Sept 10th - Nov 19th (no class on Sept 24th)
</article>

<article class='box excerpt'>
<header>
<h4>Making Through History: Ancients</h4>
</header>
Join us for an immersion of history, seen through the art, innovation, and inventions of the Ancient 
World. Starting with Prehistory and working our way to the fall of Rome, we will research, explore, 
recreate, build, and appreciate Ancient technology and aesthetics, while connecting Ancient design 
and ingenuity to modern day influence and function. We will use quality materials and traditional 
techniques to explore the ways cultures all over the world expressed and advanced themselves in 
ancient times.
<br>
This class will be taught by mentor Samantha Cook, who is the founder of Curiosity Hacked and has 
been teaching for over 20 years. She has an extensive background in history, humanities, art, and 
making. (Making Through History: Middle Ages will be offered Spring 2016)
<br>Ages 7 and up
<span class='date'>Friday 1pm-3pm, $395</span>
Sept 11th - Nov 20th (no class on Oct 2nd)
</article>

</section>
</div>

</div>

